SG-35752 Separate Bundles (#68)
shotgunsoftware/tk-framework-adobe: README.md

```

Please be aware that these files contain potentially-sensitive information, such as a certificate password. When making changes to these files and pushing them to a git repository, be sure that you've removed any data that might be considered confidential.

# Packaging

> This components require a pkgs.zip file that bundles all dependencies. This file is built by running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This component requires a pkgs.zip file that bundles Python third-party dependencies.
This file is built by running:
```
